README.md, before:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=26&duration=2800&pause=200&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hey%2C+I'm+Shamonnoy+Halder!;Full+Stack+Developer+in+Progress;AI+%26+ML+Enthusiast;Hackathon+Lover+%F0%9F%9A%80;Always+Learning+New+Things" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---
<h2 align="center">Hi, I am Shamonnoy. Welcome to my little code space</h2>

# 👨‍💻 About Me  
- 🎓 CSE (AIML) Student at **JIS College of Engineering**  
- 🌱 Currently learning **MERN + Next.js**  
- ⚡ Passionate about **AI/ML, Full-Stack Dev, Cybersecurity, App dev**  
- 🎯 Goal: Become a **Full-Stack Developer & land an internship**  
- 🚀 Hackathon Explorer | 💡 Side Project Builder  

---

# 🛠️ Tech Stack  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,react,express,nodejs,nextjs,html,css,js,git,python" />
</p>

---

# 🚀 Projects Showcase  

🔹 **[FakeBuster](#)** – AI-powered Deepfake & Misinformation Detection 🕵️  
🔹 **[SideHustle Scout](#)** – AI recommending personalized side hustles 💼  
🔹 **[Finance Tracker](#)** – AI-powered Budget & Expense Manager 💰  
🔹 **[Plant Disease Detection](#)** – AI for Agriculture 🌱  
🔹 **[SynapseAudit](synapseaudit)** – VS Code Extension for Security 🔐  

---

# 📊 GitHub Analytics  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Shamonnoy&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="170"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Shamonnoy&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="170"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Shamonnoy&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:your-shamonnoyhalder@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shamonnoy-halder/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/ShamonnoyH"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">✨ *“Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.”* ✨</p>

Commit message:

Refactor projects showcase in README

README.md, after:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=26&duration=2800&pause=200&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hey%2C+I'm+Shamonnoy+Halder!;Full+Stack+Developer+in+Progress;AI+%26+ML+Enthusiast;Hackathon+Lover+%F0%9F%9A%80;Always+Learning+New+Things" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---
<h2 align="center">Hi, I am Shamonnoy. Welcome to my little code space</h2>

# 👨‍💻 About Me  
- 🎓 CSE (AIML) Student at **JIS College of Engineering**  
- 🌱 Currently learning **MERN + Next.js**  
- ⚡ Passionate about **AI/ML, Full-Stack Dev, Cybersecurity, App dev**  
- 🎯 Goal: Become a **Full-Stack Developer & land an internship**  
- 🚀 Hackathon Explorer | 💡 Side Project Builder  

---

# 🛠️ Tech Stack  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,react,express,nodejs,nextjs,html,css,js,git,python" />
</p>

---

<p align="center"> <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/d9QiBcfzg64Io/giphy.gif" width="200"/> <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/l41lFw057lAJQMwg0/giphy.gif" width="200" /> <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/xT9IgzoKnwFNmISR8I/giphy.gif" width="200" /> </p> <p align="center"> 🕹️ When I’m not coding, I’m probably gaming or exploring cool side projects! </p>

---

# 🚀 Projects Showcase  
🔹 **[SynapseAudit]()** – VS Code Extension for Security 🔐  

---

# 📊 GitHub Analytics  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Shamonnoy&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="170"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Shamonnoy&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="170"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Shamonnoy&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:your-shamonnoyhalder@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shamonnoy-halder/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/ShamonnoyH"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">✨ *“Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.”* ✨</p>
